And The Last Lecture we had a look at this built in observable.
Now let's build our own one Eldo this new home component here an engine in it.
Now there are tons of different ways of creating and observable.
And I will soon show you where to dive deeper and learn more.
Let's create a very simple observable.
So my own observable here simply should emit some numbers as sending numbers to be precise and that
in a fixed or well so I will simply name it mine numbers.
Of course you can choose any name you like and store it in this constant here and then you create it.
I need to import all observable.
Now this is important from our ex-chief Yes and they're actually from slash observable.
Now if this observable object we're not creating one yet but there we got a couple of helper methods
which will create one for us for example interval.
Now into well is a very simple way of creating a new observable here we simply pass a number and that
will be the milliseconds it should wait.
But when emitting data automatically so it will do the data emitting automatically for us.
I will pass when thousand year to emit a new piece of data every second.
And for that to work we actually need to add one or import import.
Our access slash are X..
If these imports look a bit strange to you that is absolutely understandable because our exchange as
this package has its own logic of providing packages for import.
Chances are you don't need to add imports too often because you're going to work with the observables
provided by angular.
In general though especially the Zegna import hearable is one you will need whenever you work with some
of the observable operators.
So now if that absorbable is set up we can now subscribe to it.
Now keep in mind you can pass three arguments to subscribe a callback for handling normal data a call
back for handling errors and a call back for handling the completion of the observable.
Now this specific observable here will not fail and will have complete.
No worries.
I will soon show you an example.
So here we know that in this first callback for handling normal data we would get a number.
It will be of type number and we can simply console lock this number to see it.
So if this place if I now save and we go to our running application lets open up the developer tools
and navigate to the home page and there you see each second a new number is printed to the console.
This is our own observable working here.
The data source is a normal timer simply using a little utility function which is available in the ARD
X Chia's package.
Now why am I using such a utility function.
Because setting up an observable from scratch is a rather complex process but nonetheless lets move
one and dive deeper into observables.